The goal of the project is to develop a real-time strategy game using the Unity
engine. The project should be developed in groups of 2-3 students. The game
should follow a component-based architecture.

The development of the project will be split into four milestones:
- Project proposal + architecture: general description of the game design and
architecture.
- Project prototype: first prototype including models, rendering and
interactions.
- Project advanced prototype: prototype including animation and physics.
- Project final deliverable: prototype including some AI and pathfinding.

You are free to decide the art and most of the design aspects of the game.
However, the minimum design requirement is that the game should be composed of
the following components:
- Two "building" type of units.
- Two dynamic units. These can be vehicles or flying units.
- Two types of enemy units.
- There should be at least one interaction between dynamic units and building
units, one interaction between dynamic units and enemies, and one interaction
between building units and enemies.
The game should also allow for meaningful play, implying that there is some
logic behind the units and their interactions to achieve the game's goals.

Your project must include the following technical elements:
- Advanced 3D rendering as provided by the engine, including deferred rendering,
an environment map, and textured models for the terrain and units. These
requirements are specified in more detail in the description of the "Project
prototype".
- Animation and physics, as specified in the description of the "Project
advanced prototype".

You can include additional features of your interest if time permits. For
example:
- A HUD and mini-map
- Music and sound effects
- Particle or visual effects
- Multiple levels and game objectives
- A start-up screen, configuration screen

Submit a description of the design and architecture of your game. Submit one
proposal per group. There is no page limit, but try to keep the text to 4 pages.
Diagrams and figures can use as many pages as needed.

The game should follow a component-based architecture.

Discuss the following points in the proposal:

Name of the game
List the names of the team members
Briefly describe the idea of the game: theme, setting, and goals.
Describe the game objects: player's units, enemy units, and environment.
Describe the architecture of the game. Use CRC cards or UML diagrams to discuss
all the classes in the game. Add enough details about each game object and other
objects that contain information about the game and the environment. Discuss how
the different interactions among game objects and the environment are
implemented in the game: what methods does each action involve? See examples in
the slides to have an idea of how much detail is needed to describe the
architecture.
Submit a document in PDF format.
